the forest of twisted dreams
theforestoftwisteddreams
the siege of the dragonriders
thesiegeofthedragonriders
challenge of the wolf knight
challengeofthewolfknight
the dragon queen's revenge
thedragonqueen'srevenge
cavern of the phantoms
cavernofthephantoms
attack on the king
attackontheking
g.i. joe: find your fate
g.i.joe:findyourfate
operation: star raider
operation:starraider
operation: deadly decoy
operation:deadlydecoy
operation: mindbender
operation:mindbender
serpentor and the mummy warrior
serpentorandthemummywarrior
g.i. joe
g.i.joe
siege of serpentor
siegeofserpentor
jungle raid
jungleraid
horror high
horrorhigh
fatal kiss
fatalkiss
grave intentions
graveintentions
deadly rumours
deadlyrumours
point thrillers
pointthrillers
blind date
blinddate
twisted
twisted
the babysitter
thebabysitter
beach party
beachparty
the boyfriend
theboyfriend
the babysitter ii
thebabysitterii
the girlfriend
thegirlfriend
the snowman
thesnowman
beach house
beachhouse
hit and run
hitandrun
the hitchhiker
thehitchhiker
halloween night
halloweennight
the babysitter iii
thebabysitteriii
the dead girlfriend
thedeadgirlfriend
call waiting
callwaiting
halloween night ii
halloweennightii
i saw you that night!
isawyouthatnight!
the witness
thewitness
the babysitter iv
thebabysitteriv
space cadets
spacecadets
jerks-in-training
jerks-in-training
losers in space
losersinspace
bozos on patrol
bozosonpatrol
goosebumps
goosebumps
welcome to dead house
welcometodeadhouse
stay out of the basement
stayoutofthebasement
monster blood
monsterblood
say cheese and die!
saycheeseanddie!
the curse of the mummy's tomb
thecurseofthemummy'stomb
let's get invisible!
let'sgetinvisible!
night of the living dummy
nightofthelivingdummy
the girl who cried monster
thegirlwhocriedmonster
welcome to camp nightmare
welcometocampnightmare
the ghost next door
theghostnextdoor
the haunted mask
thehauntedmask
be careful what you wish for...
becarefulwhatyouwishfor...
piano lessons can be murder
pianolessonscanbemurder
the werewolf of fever swamp
thewerewolfoffeverswamp
you can't scare me!
youcan'tscareme!
one day at horrorland
onedayathorrorland
why i'm afraid of bees
whyi'mafraidofbees
monster blood ii
monsterbloodii
deep trouble
deeptrouble
the scarecrow walks at midnight
thescarecrowwalksatmidnight
go eat worms!
goeatworms!
ghost beach
ghostbeach
return of the mummy
returnofthemummy
phantom of the auditorium
phantomoftheauditorium
attack of the mutant
attackofthemutant
my hairiest adventure
myhairiestadventure
a night in terror tower
anightinterrortower
the cuckoo clock of doom
thecuckooclockofdoom
monster blood iii
monsterbloodiii
it came from beneath the sink!
itcamefrombeneaththesink!
night of the living dummy ii
nightofthelivingdummyii
the barking ghost
thebarkingghost
the horror at camp jellyjam
thehorroratcampjellyjam
revenge of the lawn gnomes
revengeofthelawngnomes
a shocker on shock street
ashockeronshockstreet
the haunted mask ii
thehauntedmaskii
the headless ghost
theheadlessghost
the abominable snowman of pasadena
theabominablesnowmanofpasadena
how i got my shrunken head
howigotmyshrunkenhead
night of the living dummy iii
nightofthelivingdummyiii
bad hare day
badhareday
egg monsters from mars
eggmonstersfrommars
the beast from the east
thebeastfromtheeast
say cheese and die - again!
saycheeseanddie-again!
ghost camp
ghostcamp
how to kill a monster
howtokillamonster
legend of the lost legend
legendofthelostlegend
attack of the jack-o'-lanterns
attackofthejack-o'-lanterns
vampire breath
vampirebreath
calling all creeps!
callingallcreeps!
beware, the snowman
beware,thesnowman
how i learned to fly
howilearnedtofly
chicken chicken
chickenchicken
don't go to sleep!
don'tgotosleep!
the blob that ate everyone
theblobthatateeveryone
the curse of camp cold lake
thecurseofcampcoldlake
my best friend is invisible
mybestfriendisinvisible
deep trouble ii
deeptroubleii
the haunted school
thehauntedschool
werewolf skin
werewolfskin
i live in your basement!
iliveinyourbasement!
monster blood iv
monsterbloodiv
goosebumps series 2000
goosebumpsseries2000
cry of the cat
cryofthecat
bride of the living dummy
brideofthelivingdummy
creature teacher
creatureteacher
invasion of the body squeezers, part i
invasionofthebodysqueezers,parti
invasion of the body squeezers, part ii
invasionofthebodysqueezers,partii
i am your evil twin
iamyoureviltwin
revenge r us
revengerus
fright camp
frightcamp
are you terrified yet?
areyouterrifiedyet?
headless halloween
headlesshalloween
attack of the graveyard ghouls
attackofthegraveyardghouls
brain juice
brainjuice
return to horrorland
returntohorrorland
jekyll and heidi
jekyllandheidi
scream school
screamschool
the mummy walks
themummywalks
the werewolf in the living room
thewerewolfinthelivingroom
horrors of the black ring
horrorsoftheblackring
return to ghost camp
returntoghostcamp
be afraid – be very afraid!
beafraid–beveryafraid!
the haunted car
thehauntedcar
full moon fever
fullmoonfever
slappy's nightmare
slappy'snightmare
earth geeks must go!
earthgeeksmustgo!
ghost in the mirror
ghostinthemirror
give yourself goosebumps
giveyourselfgoosebumps
escape from the carnival of horrors
escapefromthecarnivalofhorrors
tick tock, you're dead!
ticktock,you'redead!
trapped in bat wing hall
trappedinbatwinghall
the deadly experiments of dr. eeek
thedeadlyexperimentsofdr.eeek
night in werewolf woods
nightinwerewolfwoods
beware of the purple peanut butter
bewareofthepurplepeanutbutter
under the magician's spell
underthemagician'sspell
the curse of the creeping coffin
thecurseofthecreepingcoffin
the knight in screaming armor
theknightinscreamingarmor
diary of a mad mummy
diaryofamadmummy
deep in the jungle of doom
deepinthejungleofdoom
welcome to the wicked wax museum
welcometothewickedwaxmuseum
scream of the evil genie
screamoftheevilgenie
the creepy creations of professor shock
thecreepycreationsofprofessorshock
please don't feed the vampire!
pleasedon'tfeedthevampire!
secret agent grandma
secretagentgrandma
little comic shop of horrors
littlecomicshopofhorrors
attack of the beastly baby-sitter
attackofthebeastlybaby-sitter
escape from camp run-for-your-life
escapefromcamprun-for-your-life
toy terror: batteries included
toyterror:batteriesincluded
the twisted tale of tiki island
thetwistedtaleoftikiisland
return to the carnival of horrors
returntothecarnivalofhorrors
zapped in space
zappedinspace
lost in stinkeye swamp
lostinstinkeyeswamp
shop till you drop...dead!
shoptillyoudrop...dead!
alone in snakebite canyon
aloneinsnakebitecanyon
checkout time at the dead-end hotel
checkouttimeatthedead-endhotel
night of a thousand claws
nightofathousandclaws
invaders from the big screen
invadersfromthebigscreen
you're plant food!
you'replantfood!
the werewolf of twisted tree lodge
thewerewolfoftwistedtreelodge
it's only a nightmare
it'sonlyanightmare
it came from the internet
itcamefromtheinternet
elevator to nowhere
elevatortonowhere
hocus-pocus horror
hocus-pocushorror
ship of ghouls
shipofghouls
escape from horror house
escapefromhorrorhouse
into the twister of terror
intothetwisterofterror
scary birthday to you!
scarybirthdaytoyou!
zombie school
zombieschool
danger time
dangertime
all-day nightmare
all-daynightmare
give yourself goosebumps special edition
giveyourselfgoosebumpsspecialedition
into the jaws of doom
intothejawsofdoom
return to terror tower
returntoterrortower
trapped in the circus of fear
trappedinthecircusoffear
one night in payne house
onenightinpaynehouse
the curse of the cave creatures
thecurseofthecavecreatures
revenge of the body squeezers
revengeofthebodysqueezers
trick or...trapped!
trickor...trapped!
weekend at poison lake
weekendatpoisonlake
fear street
fearstreet
the new girl
thenewgirl
the surprise party
thesurpriseparty
the overnight
theovernight
missing
missing
the wrong number
thewrongnumber
the sleepwalker
thesleepwalker
haunted
haunted
halloween party
halloweenparty
the stepsister
thestepsister
ski weekend
skiweekend
the fire game
thefiregame
lights out
lightsout
the secret bedroom
thesecretbedroom
the knife
theknife
the prom queen
thepromqueen
first date
firstdate
the best friend
thebestfriend
the cheater
thecheater
sunburn
sunburn
the new boy
thenewboy
the dare
thedare
bad dreams
baddreams
double date
doubledate
the thrill club
thethrillclub
one evil summer
oneevilsummer
the mind reader
themindreader
wrong number 2
wrongnumber2
truth or dare
truthordare
dead end
deadend
final grade
finalgrade
switched
switched
college weekend
collegeweekend
the stepsister 2
thestepsister2
what holly heard
whathollyheard
the face
theface
secret admirer
secretadmirer
the perfect date
theperfectdate
the confession
theconfession
the boy next door
theboynextdoor
night games
nightgames
runaway
runaway
killer's kiss
killer'skiss
all night party
allnightparty
the rich girl
therichgirl
cat
cat
fear hall: the beginning
fearhall:thebeginning
fear hall: the conclusion
fearhall:theconclusion
who killed the homecoming queen?
whokilledthehomecomingqueen?
into the dark
intothedark
best friend 2
bestfriend2
trapped
trapped
party games
partygames
don't stay up late
don'tstayuplate
the lost girl
thelostgirl
can you keep a secret?
canyoukeepasecret?
the dead boyfriend
thedeadboyfriend
give me a k-i-l-l
givemeak-i-l-l
new fear street
newfearstreet
the stepbrother
thestepbrother
camp out
campout
scream, jennifer, scream!
scream,jennifer,scream!
the bad girl
thebadgirl
fear street super chiller
fearstreetsuperchiller
party summer
partysummer
silent night
silentnight
goodnight kiss
goodnightkiss
broken hearts
brokenhearts
silent night 2
silentnight2
the dead lifeguard
thedeadlifeguard
cheerleaders: the new evil
cheerleaders:thenewevil
bad moonlight
badmoonlight
the new year's party
thenewyear'sparty
goodnight kiss 2
goodnightkiss2
silent night 3
silentnight3
high tide
hightide
cheerleaders: the evil lives!
cheerleaders:theevillives!
fear street: cheerleaders
fearstreet:cheerleaders
the first evil
thefirstevil
the second evil
thesecondevil
the third evil
thethirdevil
the new evil
thenewevil
the evil lives!
theevillives!
the fear street saga trilogy
thefearstreetsagatrilogy
the betrayal
thebetrayal
the secret
thesecret
the burning
theburning
99 fear street: the house of evil
99fearstreet:thehouseofevil
the first horror
thefirsthorror
the second horror
thesecondhorror
the third horror
thethirdhorror
fear street: the cataluna chronicles
fearstreet:thecatalunachronicles
the evil moon
theevilmoon
the dark secret
thedarksecret
the deadly fire
thedeadlyfire
fear park
fearpark
the first scream
thefirstscream
the loudest scream
theloudestscream
the last scream
thelastscream
fear street sagas
fearstreetsagas
a new fear
anewfear
house of whispers
houseofwhispers
forbidden secrets
forbiddensecrets
the sign of fear
thesignoffear
the hidden evil
thehiddenevil
daughters of silence
daughtersofsilence
children of fear
childrenoffear
dance of death
danceofdeath
heart of the hunter
heartofthehunter
the awakening evil
theawakeningevil
circle of fire
circleoffire
chamber of fear
chamberoffear
faces of terror
facesofterror
one last kiss
onelastkiss
door of death
doorofdeath
the hand of power
thehandofpower
fear street seniors
fearstreetseniors
let's party
let'sparty
in too deep
intoodeep
the thirst
thethirst
no answer
noanswer
last chance
lastchance
the gift
thegift
fight team, fight
fightteam,fight
sweetheart, evil heart
sweetheart,evilheart
spring break
springbreak
wicked
wicked
the prom date
thepromdate
graduation day
graduationday
fear street nights
fearstreetnights
moonlight secrets
moonlightsecrets
midnight games
midnightgames
darkest dawn
darkestdawn
ghosts of fear street
ghostsoffearstreet
hide and shriek
hideandshriek
who's been sleeping in my grave?
who'sbeensleepinginmygrave?
the attack of the aqua apes
theattackoftheaquaapes
nightmare in 3-d
nightmarein3-d
stay away from the tree house
stayawayfromthetreehouse
eye of the fortuneteller
eyeofthefortuneteller
fright knight
frightknight
the ooze
theooze
revenge of the shadow people
revengeoftheshadowpeople
the bugman lives!
thebugmanlives!
the boy who ate fear street
theboywhoatefearstreet
night of the werecat
nightofthewerecat
how to be a vampire
howtobeavampire
body switchers from outer space
bodyswitchersfromouterspace
fright christmas
frightchristmas
don't ever get sick at granny's
don'tevergetsickatgranny's
house of a thousand screams
houseofathousandscreams
camp fear ghouls
campfearghouls
three evil wishes
threeevilwishes
spell of the screaming jokers
spellofthescreamingjokers
the creature from club lagoona
thecreaturefromclublagoona
field of screams
fieldofscreams
why i'm not afraid of ghosts
whyi'mnotafraidofghosts
monster dog
monsterdog
halloween bugs me!
halloweenbugsme!
go to your tomb – right now!
gotoyourtomb–rightnow!
parents from the 13th dimension
parentsfromthe13thdimension
hide and shriek ii
hideandshriekii
the tale of the blue monkey
thetaleofthebluemonkey
i was a sixth-grade zombie
iwasasixth-gradezombie
escape of the he-beast
escapeofthehe-beast
caution: aliens at work
caution:aliensatwork
attack of the vampire worms
attackofthevampireworms
horror hotel pt. 1: the vampire checks in
horrorhotelpt.1:thevampirechecksin
horror hotel pt. 2: ghost in the guest room
horrorhotelpt.2:ghostintheguestroom
the funhouse of dr. freek
thefunhouseofdr.freek
mostly ghostly
mostlyghostly
who let the ghosts out?
wholettheghostsout?
have you met my ghoulfriend?
haveyoumetmyghoulfriend?
one night in doom house
onenightindoomhouse
little camp of horrors
littlecampofhorrors
ghouls gone wild!
ghoulsgonewild!
let's get this party haunted!
let'sgetthispartyhaunted!
freaks and shrieks
freaksandshrieks
don't close your eyes!
don'tcloseyoureyes!
rotten school
rottenschool
the big blueberry barf-off!
thebigblueberrybarf-off!
the great smelling bee
thegreatsmellingbee
the good, the bad and the very slimy
thegood,thebadandtheveryslimy
lose, team, lose!
lose,team,lose!
shake, rattle and hurl!
shake,rattleandhurl!
the heinie prize
theheinieprize
dudes, the school is haunted!
dudes,theschoolishaunted!
the teacher from heck
theteacherfromheck
party poopers
partypoopers
the rottenest angel
therottenestangel
punk'd and skunked
punk'dandskunked
battle of the dum diddys
battleofthedumdiddys
got cake?
gotcake?
night of the creepy things
nightofthecreepythings
calling all birdbrains
callingallbirdbrains
dumb clucks
dumbclucks
the nightmare room
thenightmareroom
don't forget me!
don'tforgetme!
locker 13
locker13
my name is evil
mynameisevil
liar liar
liarliar
dear diary, i'm dead
deardiary,i'mdead
they call me creature
theycallmecreature
the howler
thehowler
shadow girl
shadowgirl
camp nowhere
campnowhere
full moon halloween
fullmoonhalloween
scare school
scareschool
visitors
visitors
the nightmare room thrillogy
thenightmareroomthrillogy
fear games
feargames
what scares you the most?
whatscaresyouthemost?
no survivors
nosurvivors
goosebumps horrorland
goosebumpshorrorland
welcome to horrorland: a survival guide
welcometohorrorland:asurvivalguide
revenge of the living dummy
revengeofthelivingdummy
'creep from the deep
'creepfromthedeep
monster blood for breakfast!
monsterbloodforbreakfast!
the scream of the haunted mask
thescreamofthehauntedmask
dr. maniac vs. robby schwartz
dr.maniacvs.robbyschwartz
who's your mummy?
who'syourmummy?
my friends call me monster
myfriendscallmemonster
say cheese – and die screaming!
saycheese–anddiescreaming!
welcome to camp slither
welcometocampslither
help! we have strange powers!
help!wehavestrangepowers!
escape from horrorland
escapefromhorrorland
the streets of panic park
thestreetsofpanicpark
when the ghost dog howls
whentheghostdoghowls
little shop of hamsters
littleshopofhamsters
heads, you lose!
heads,youlose!
weirdo halloween
weirdohalloween
the wizard of ooze
thewizardofooze
slappy new year!
slappynewyear!
the horror at chiller house
thehorroratchillerhouse
goosebumps hall of horrors
goosebumpshallofhorrors
claws!
claws!
night of giant everything
nightofgianteverything
the five masks of dr. screem
thefivemasksofdr.screem
why i quit zombie school
whyiquitzombieschool
don't scream!
don'tscream!
the birthday party of no return
thebirthdaypartyofnoreturn
goosebumps most wanted
goosebumpsmostwanted
planet of the lawn gnomes
planetofthelawngnomes
son of slappy
sonofslappy
how i met my monster
howimetmymonster
frankenstein's dog
frankenstein'sdog
dr. maniac will see you now
dr.maniacwillseeyounow
creature teacher: the final exam
creatureteacher:thefinalexam
a nightmare on clown street
anightmareonclownstreet
night of the puppet people
nightofthepuppetpeople
here comes the shaggedy
herecomestheshaggedy
the lizard of oz
thelizardofoz
special edition
specialedition
zombie halloween
zombiehalloween
the 12 screams of christmas
the12screamsofchristmas
trick or trap
trickortrap
the haunter
thehaunter
goosebumps slappyworld
goosebumpsslappyworld


slappy birthday to you
slappybirthdaytoyou
attack of the jack!
attackofthejack!
i am slappy's evil twin
iamslappy'seviltwin
please do not feed the weirdo
pleasedonotfeedtheweirdo
escape from shudder mansion
escapefromshuddermansion
the ghost of slappy
theghostofslappy
hark
hark
the badlands of hark
thebadlandsofhark
the invaders of hark
theinvadersofhark
dangerous girls
dangerousgirls
both were re-released in 2010 under the name bitten. isbn 978-0060530808
bothwerere-releasedin2010underthenamebitten.isbn978-0060530808


dangerous girls
dangerousgirls
dangerous girls: the taste of night
dangerousgirls:thetasteofnight
stand-alone novels
stand-alonenovels
the adventures of shrinkman
theadventuresofshrinkman
the beast
thebeast
the beast 2
thebeast2
the creatures from beyond beyond
thecreaturesfrombeyondbeyond
curtains
curtains
eye candy
eyecandy
it's the first day of school...forever!
it'sthefirstdayofschool...forever!
a midsummer night's scream
amidsummernight'sscream
my alien parents
myalienparents
phone calls
phonecalls
red rain
redrain
the sitter
thesitter
the 13th warning
the13thwarning
superstitious
superstitious
three faces of me
threefacesofme
when good ghouls go bad
whengoodghoulsgobad
young scrooge
youngscrooge
zombie town
zombietown
anthologies
anthologies
beware!
beware!
the haunting hour (book)
thehauntinghour(book)
nightmare hour
nightmarehour
fear
fear
scary!
scary!
tales to give you goosebumps
talestogiveyougoosebumps
more tales to give you goosebumps
moretalestogiveyougoosebumps
even more tales to give you goosebumps
evenmoretalestogiveyougoosebumps
still more tales to give you goosebumps
stillmoretalestogiveyougoosebumps
more and more tales to give you goosebumps
moreandmoretalestogiveyougoosebumps
more and more and more tales to give you goosebumps
moreandmoreandmoretalestogiveyougoosebumps
goosebumps triple header, book 1
goosebumpstripleheader,book1
goosebumps triple header, book 2
goosebumpstripleheader,book2
short stories
shortstories
"the spell"
"thespell"
"dead of night"
"deadofnight"
"the head start"
"theheadstart"
"lucky at cards"
"luckyatcards"
"the kid behind the door"
"thekidbehindthedoor"
"the terror after school"
"theterrorafterschool"
"do some damage!"
"dosomedamage!"
"curse of the smiling mummy"
"curseofthesmilingmummy"
"can you keep a secret?"
"canyoukeepasecret?"
"the vampire club"
"thevampireclub"
"my worst nightmare"
"myworstnightmare"
"the wrong room"
"thewrongroom"
"welcome to the club"
"welcometotheclub"
non-fiction and jovial bob stine books
non-fictionandjovialbobstinebooks
101 vacation jokes
101vacationjokes
101 wacky kid jokes
101wackykidjokes
101 silly monster jokes
101sillymonsterjokes
the absurdly silly encyclopaedia and fly swatter
theabsurdlysillyencyclopaediaandflyswatter
amazing adventure of me, myself and i
amazingadventureofme,myselfandi
blips: the first book of videogame funnies
blips:thefirstbookofvideogamefunnies
cool kids' guide to summer camp
coolkids'guidetosummercamp
doggone dog joke book
doggonedogjokebook
don't stand in the soup
don'tstandinthesoup
how to be funny
howtobefunny
it came from ohio!
itcamefromohio!
miami mice
miamimice
pork and beans: play date
porkandbeans:playdate
the sick of being sick book
thesickofbeingsickbook
you know it's going to be a long school year when...
youknowit'sgoingtobealongschoolyearwhen...
my secret identity
mysecretidentity
pigs' book of world records
pigs'bookofworldrecords
jovial bob's computer joke book
jovialbob'scomputerjokebook
movie novelizations
movienovelizations
ghostbusters ii: story book
ghostbustersii:storybook
spaceballs: the book
spaceballs:thebook
big top pee-wee
bigtoppee-wee
goosebumps movie novel
goosebumpsmovienovel
zachary blue books
zacharybluebooks
the jet fighter trap
thejetfightertrap
the protectors: the petrova twist
theprotectors:thepetrovatwist
picture books
picturebooks
gnasty gnomes
gnastygnomes
the little shop of monsters
thelittleshopofmonsters
mary mcscary (book)
marymcscary(book)
comic books
comicbooks
man-thingman-thing